PR: Update `RELEASE.md` following 5.4.3 release experience (#20781)
spyder-ide/spyder: RELEASE.md

### Check release candidate

* Update version in `__init__.py` (set release version, remove '.dev0', add 'rcX'), then

      git add .
      git commit -m "Release X.X.XrcX [ci skip]"
      git push upstream 5.x

* Manually activate the following workflows (see [Running a workflow](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/manually-running-a-workflow#running-a-workflow)):
    - Create Windows Installer *
    - Create macOS App Bundle and DMG *
    - Create conda-based installers for Linux

>       **Note:** For the Windows and macOS installers you will need to trigger the workflows through the [GitHub REST API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/actions/workflows?apiVersion=2022-11-28#create-a-workflow-dispatch-event) or using the [GitHub CLI](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_workflow_run) (the GitHub CLI is available at https://cli.github.com/). In case the GitHub CLI is used you will need to run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      **Note:** For the Windows and macOS installers you need to trigger their workflows through the [GitHub REST API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/actions/workflows?apiVersion=2022-11-28#create-a-workflow-dispatch-event) or using the [GitHub CLI](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_workflow_run) (the GitHub CLI is available at https://cli.github.com/). In case the GitHub CLI is used, you need to run:
```

      * For the `Create Windows Installer` workflow:

            gh workflow run installer-win.yml --ref 5.x

      * For the `Create macOS App Bundle and DMG` workflow:

            gh workflow run installer-macos.yml --ref 5.x

* Download and test the installation of the resulting artifacts.

> * If either of the previous two steps fail merge a fix PR and begin again with incremented 'rcX'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If one of the previous steps fail, merge a fix PR and start the process again with an incremented 'rcX' commit.
```

There are three steps here now.
